Modernize the readme's Status paragraph (#9272)
apache/iceberg: README.md

Iceberg is under active development at the Apache Software Foundation.

> The [Iceberg format specification][iceberg-spec] is stable.

Reviewer: I think its good, but we will have more versions like v2, v3.  Not sure if its worth mentioning like 'is versioned'?

Reviewer 2: That's a good suggestion @szehon-ho, what do you think of:

```suggestion
The [Iceberg format specification][iceberg-spec] is stable and new features are added with each version.
```

Reviewer: Yes, great!  It's what i was thinking but couldnt find the words!

Reviewer 2: Nice, thanks for letting us know! 👍

> The [Iceberg format specification][iceberg-spec] is considered stable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [Iceberg format specification][iceberg-spec] is stable.
```

> The core Java library can be found in this repository and is considered the reference implementation for other libraries.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The core Java library is located in this repository and is the reference implementation for other libraries.
```
